#summary Quick intro to !QueueMan features
#labels Featured
#sidebar MasterTOC


=Netflix Queue Manager Feature List=

*With !QueueMan your Android phone becomes a full feature Queue management device!*
----
*Rate Any Title*
  * Whether it is being recommended, searched, or an *at home disc*
  * Just click 'Rate' button in Title details


*Disc Queue *

    * View current disc
    * Show Title Details (Year, Rating, Synopsis)
    * Search and Add new titles
    * Removed unwanted titles
    * Shuffle Q order (Up, Down, Top, Bottom) 

*Instant Viewing *

    * View current instant queue
    * Search and Add titles
    * Removed unwanted titles 

*Recommended Titles* (new)
  * A Request I was happy to implement
  * Add to disc or instant (as title allows)
  * or just rate the title (including "not interested")

*Discs at home* (new)
  * New grid view lists disc out at home (access from menu)
  * Allows rating while the film is fresh on your mind.

*More Preferences !* (new)
  * Max # of Queue titles to DL
  * Max # of Recommendations to DL
  * Default Tab on STart (Disc, Instant or Recommended)

----

** Instant viewing is only available to primary account holders. Sub-users will not see this feature.
**Discs at Home is per user. A master account will not see discs sent to sub-users.


Take a look at the ScreenShots page to see some of these choirs in action!

*Please see the [Manual] for details on how to use any of the above features.*
----
=New Features =
*Am I considering new features?*

- You bet! I just have no idea what the people want. If you have a nifty idea please submit a ticket, or comment on an existing one.

Some ideas i am considering;

    * Display Small box art Image on Initial Q List (though this may negatively impact load time)
     * Ability to remember / switch users (for sharing the phone I guess)
    * Additional Info on details screen (Actors, Directors, Similar Titles,
 

==Suggesting Features==

Please check open feature requests to see if someone already submitted a similar request, and if not please [http://code.google.com/p/queueman/issues/list submit a new ticket], and use 'Enhancement Request' template.