#summary Promote QUeueman elsewhere
#labels Featured
#sidebar MasterTOC

= !QueueMan  Just loves the Spotlight =
Occasionally our little android mascot may add links to various sites where he feels promotion is in order.

Please be courteous to his ego, and boost his awareness.

== Now in Netflix App Gallery! ==
Please rank !QueueMan at [http://www.netflix.com/AppDisplay?id=2167&st=at&pn=1&lnkctr=apgl-it-2167]
----
= Praise from Users =
==Yeah, some people complain, and that helps us get better, but praise is nice too!==
----

 ====Much more reliable than PhoneFlicks====
 --Thanks _Drew_, I have put much more effort into stability recently.

 ====Best netflix app on the market! "Netflix reccomends" category is great but needs to be   expanded by genre and by separating the disc and instant movies====
 --I'm working on it _James_, thanks.


 ====Love it!====

 --Thanks _Greg_, glad to hear!


 ====A bit slow, but the best Netflix application on the market====

 --I know performance is suffering a bit, and I am working to improve that, thanks _MrSqueezles_


 ====Great start. Please keep developing!====

  --You got it _Dave_!

 ====Simple and easy to use. Works well on my eris====
 --That was my aim, thanks _Londo_!

 ====Hey Eddie thanks for the great app you have going on here. I would like to suggest a movies currently out at home option if possible.====
 --Another request that is on my to-do list, thanks _HAC_YEC_

 ====Simple interface with all the functionality. Love it. Thanks for all the updates! Can't wait to see what comes next!====
 --Thanks _Alison_ glad the updates were helpful.